D3.1 (#10)
dealii-X/deliverables: D3.1/D3.1_connect_to_other_coes.tex

members and create opportunities for research results beyond the present state
of the art.

\section{Training and Workshops}

One of the consortium’s key goals is to enhance the training of clinical
researchers and practitioners through specialized workshops and interactive,
hands-on sessions. LRZ has a well-established mission to provide education on
programming and HPC-related topics. In response to growing demand, its course
offerings have expanded significantly in recent years to include GPU
programming, deep learning, and AI. These training sessions are promoted
through LRZ’s existing HPC network as well as EuroCC dissemination channels.

LRZ has actively contributed to several European projects, including
CompBioMed 1 \& 2 and LEXIS, where it played a key role in organizing meetings,
application-focused workshops, and hackathons (e.g., the preCICE workshop and
the CompBioMed-SEAVEA hackathon).

As part of the dealii-X consortium, the first workshop is scheduled for
December 2025, in Trieste, Italy, hosted by the partner SISSA. The event will
feature an open users and developers workshop, followed by project-specific

> sessions addressing criticaltopics such as co-design, exascale computing, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sessions addressing critical topics such as co-design, exascale computing, and
```
